Lin Wenli
Get out of here
Hey, what are you doing?
Old woman, cut the crap
Call out your Lin Wenli to me
Paying off debts is natural
If you don't come out, I will smash your factory
If you keep doing this, I'll call the police.
Go away
Don't go the way of the fucking fathers
Oh, dear.
Get up!
You go first and leave it to me here
Just fucking your name is Lin Wanli?
Do you know where this is?
I advise you to leave quickly
Or I'll call the police.
Open your dog eyes and see what this is
My mom owes money
Haven't I already returned the money to you?
You've borrowed a lot of money in your mother's life
He said it when he was dying
Maternal debt repayment
Your dead mother is really not a thing, is it?
I won't tell you about such a big debt
Haha, go and clean it up.
Hey, I heard you have a relationship with the all-in-charge boss
If you can't afford it, ask him to pay it back
If you don't come again, I'll smash his place
Don't involve others in our affairs
If it really helps me too much
I can't trouble him anymore
I have no money now.
Then you're coming with us
Can you pay back the account?
up
Boss let go
let go
Let go of me!